	The worst thing you can do is to passively consume. You arent doing anything and you arent even resting, yet you are tiring yourself for not even a single output, and thats a terrible habit to teach your brain.. Indeed, the dangerous thing is that while we consume passively our brain is deceived into thinking its on a meaningful journey, but the truth is, we are just damaging ourselves!
	
	It turn out that, there are plenty side effects of consuming too much information, one is that it might definitely lead to cognitive load. it is no doubt that nowadays we dont even notice that we are consuming the information without even realizing the harmful consequences.. The harsh truth about our advancement in technology does not really put us towards better humankind, yet it is like in the process of degrading the human potential through out the years and even the years coming in the future.. 
	
	So how come we are too vulnerable to such thing as the act of consuming? what can we do about it? is consuming too much really affecting our brain that bad? can we reverse engineering it some how so that we can use to our full advantage? And if it is that bad, should we put end to this doomscrolling social media? 
	
	There is this one great solution that we human put to consideration, which is the idea of making a system,.. To clarify it here, A system is not what you think it is, if you think that system might as well destroying ourselves even more then you are just simply outraging.. Research shows that we can develop our system based on creativity instead of making the condition more rigid to ourselves, so for example, instead of you setting a fix hours, why not you setting it up such as "no phone before 11am" instead "no phone", or "no social media" to "only use social for <30 min only with right intentional and not reflex".. As a result, you will think that building a system is not really perfectionism or fails but more to "if that didnt work then we adjust it to something else", and to say it out loud that it will work out all just fine as long as you keep monitoring your progress, what working and whats not, so that in the end, you will get a feedback of yourself rather than doing for the sake of nothing..